README.md, before:

# What Is Anime-Script?
    Anime Script is a terminal app without a GUI, You can view many different anime scenes
    and characters. 
    All of them with different emotions. 
    All from your terminal.
    Mostly Eye Candy.
 
 # Usage And Install.
    1. Download
        To download the script go to the releases page and grab the latest version.
    2. Navigate to the folder containing the release
            Open Your Terminal And cd to the location of the script which you downloaded from releases.
    3. Run The Script
            When you have navigated the folder containing the release you downloaded,
            and type in the terminal:
                ./"File Name"

# Version's
  # 2022/1/11 V 1.3
        Added Options To View 5 Boys With A Few Poses And Actions. (5 More Boys Coming Soon).
  # 2022/1/11 V 1.2
        View 5 Boys With A Few Poses And Actions.
  # 2022/1/11 V 1.1
        View ALL Girls With All Emotions.
  # 2022/1/11 V 1.0
        Basic Options No ASCII Characters Just Blank Questions.

Commit message:

Added Credit To Original ASCII Art Sources

README.md, after:

# What Is Anime-Script?
    Anime Script is a terminal app without a GUI, You can view many different anime scenes
    and characters. 
    All of them with different emotions. 
    All from your terminal.
    Mostly Eye Candy.
 
 # Clarification
   I Did Not Make These ASCII Characters, All Of The Girls Are From: copypastatext.com, All The Boys Are From: ascii-art.de. 
   All Of The Art On ascii-art.de Was Made    By The Incredibly Talented Artist: Andreas Freise
   Please Visit: Andreas Freise's Website
   It Is Very Enjoyable To Browse The Amazing Art And Animations Which Are Also ASCII!
 
 # Usage And Install
    1. Download
        To download the script go to the releases page and grab the latest version.
    2. Navigate to the folder containing the release
            Open Your Terminal And cd to the location of the script which you downloaded from releases.
    3. Run The Script
            When you have navigated the folder containing the release you downloaded,
            and type in the terminal:
                ./"File Name"

# Version's
  # 2022/1/11 V 1.3
        Added Options To View 5 Boys With A Few Poses And Actions. (5 More Boys Coming Soon).
  # 2022/1/11 V 1.2
        View 5 Boys With A Few Poses And Actions.
  # 2022/1/11 V 1.1
        View ALL Girls With All Emotions.
  # 2022/1/11 V 1.0
        Basic Options No ASCII Characters Just Blank Questions.
